Clarify Stream Creation default delivery method behavior (#247)
openid/sharedsignals: openid-sharedsignals-framework-1_0.md

* `description`

If the request does not contain the `delivery` property, then the Transmitter
MUST assume that the `method` is "urn:ietf:rfc:8936" (poll). If the Transmitter supports
Poll-Based Delivery, the Transmitter MUST include a `delivery` property in the response with this
`method` property and an `endpoint_url` property. If the Transmitter does not support

> the delivery method, it can respond with 4XX HTTP Status Code such as "400 Bad Rquest."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the delivery method, it MAY respond with 4XX HTTP Status Code such as "400 Bad Rquest."
```

> the delivery method, it can respond with 4XX HTTP Status Code such as "400 Bad Rquest."

Author: ```suggestion
the delivery method, it MAY respond with HTTP Status Code "400 Bad Request."
```
